Okay, let's watch Dallas' video.
Before that, it's getting too
late because it's 34 minutes. Dog issue,
dog issue, the dog still hasn't been
returned. Okay, they're
apparently trying to drag it out, slow it down, and things like that.
Okay, let's see the
explanations that Dallas tells us.
The video was uploaded yesterday when I was a
prisoner here, right now, uh, a lot of people are
wondering, where is my This video?
This video was made without a script or
preparation of any kind, you see, I
have no need to hide behind
scripts and lies, unlike
those sentenced to prison who
still have my dog. Let's see. Let's
put it on speed. Well, the D authorizes me.
No, my dog. It's been not only more
than 10 working days since
January 30th, which was when they notified me that they
had 10 days to return it to me, but
in fact, almost a month has passed. And
why don't I have my dog ​​yet?
Well, in this video, I'm going to answer
all those questions from people who are
honestly worried about the
matter, as well as people who have the
nerve.  so hard to say that I
dedicated myself to making clickbait as if it were a
case because I was fighting a person for
whom I have been almost a decade without
being with my dog ​​being 8 years old
Well, I'm going to explain how
these judicial procedures work
for your information and
because apparently it is not 10 days but rather
something more and the truth is that I am not
sure Exactly When will it be I hope it
will be soon I hope the court already
prevents these people sentenced to prison from
continuing to commit crimes and to delay and
to use different
bureaucratic strategies to extend this process
which is basically what they have
done to this day what they continue to do
Still and I'm going to tell you What
is the last thing they have done to continue
extending it I am waiting for the
court to finally resolve and respond and
set it in a way is that I do not understand why it
could not be appealed but it
could be opposed or in other words that would not be an
absolute form of appeal and the truth is I
am grateful to this court for
finally having carried out an execution in
which I  They have to return my dog
but these things are extremely
bureaucratic and extremely slow and
in the end I as a victim of this case,
which is what I am. And I am ashamed
to call myself a victim but that is
literally what it is, they have committed
multiple crimes against me for
which they have been sentenced to jail, so I have to
go back again to
re-victimize myself again, not only having to
suffer the wait of
still not being able to get my dog ​​back and
spending a month with my heart in my mouth
thinking about what day I will be able to get it
back, each day with ups and downs
thinking I will get it back and then thinking there
is another bureaucratic garbage in between,
all the time in loop after loop after loop
and it is honestly horrible. I hope that
one day things will change at a
bureaucratic level to make justice
faster because in the end I know that
the people in court are not at
all to blame for this, but rather the
protocols as they must be followed and the
only thing I hope and I truly hope is
that they resolve it as soon as possible so that I
can at least enjoy the last
years of life with me, which I should never have
left.  of being by my side in
fact I already announced this just months
two or three months after Maria
had stolen it from me after having
tried to contact her through all
possible means through third parties
to get it back to me and for which I
had to report it the first time now
before explaining all the
bureaucratic roll And what exactly is going on
and how all this
roll works that I didn't even know given now
precisely with this process let me
tell you one thing very clearly the first is
that I am not an abuser of anything not
of women or dogs or anyone the
only ones I abuse are the
criminals that I dedicate myself to making
videos on my channel and I always only have to
resort to words because I do not
lack physical violence to leave the
criminal people that I do reviews on this
channel like the criminals that they are and it is
sad that I being the victim of all
the crimes that this woman has committed
against me have to go back again
to revictimize not only with the
judicial wait but also with
false accusations that have been
denied since the year  2017 I say 2017
because there they denied it in headquarters
you see this as normal already tell me if it
's normal eh if they get into the subject of accounts or
whatever eh you see this as normal
This is the one who has her honor seriously
violated Oh she called me crazy old woman and
the trial almost became Oh very affected
this It's logical messing with the lawyer it's another one
because it's another lawyer we have
with her cases who also
goes around like a pisco and is a chai Careful, he's
a lawyer with a lot of prestige, let's say he
won this case my goodness uncle
you is that normal that they take her
out later Oh poor thing, they have violated her
official honor since those
whistleblowing conversations and her garbage that she dedicates herself to saying
are completely false from beginning to
end and I'm not saying it and a judge is not saying it, it's
said by a bunch of different judges
who have reviewed this case and who have
condemned her time and time again both to jail and
to return my dog ​​to me I find it
shameful that there are people so stupid
that just because of the hatred they have for me because they
do not agree with my opinion they are still
capable of  to believe that if it were true
that I am so evil and so abusive
and such a horrible person and that I abuse
animals and kill women, I
really know that at the same time I am so
stupid to leave evidence of that on
WhatsApp, I mean, how stupid can you
be and it's even stupider to look
today, no, no, no, I haven't left it open
Oh yes, this put a TT, damn I mean, you
're not capable of blaming giving for
Fran cuesta leaving Thailand, don't hold
me back when Paloma left Spain,
sold her car, rented her house and left some
people there, she knows more about Paloma than I do, eh,
and left her dogs there to have to
flee Thailand with Fran, cua to Zambia
or Australia, it doesn't sound like Lis p, leaving
her dog and her cat in Spain to flee
with Dallas to Dubai also for
pending causes, mother, still the rabble.
Disgusting that for literally seeing text, I
mean, literally a text that she may have
written in the damn
notepad, dic Look, it's true, he's an
abuser. You have to be pathetic, eh, for
the ridiculous people who say it's that they are
whistles You know what an expert opinion is
an expert opinion doesn't say anything other than
But they are very heavy with the issue of
expert opinion Look, obviously I'm not going to
accuse anyone of a crime nor am I going to
say never No, well the conversations are false I'm
never going to say that I already
think we've taken a
few sticks to learn no but
I don't give a damn about expert opinion
it's that they always use the word expert expert
expert Well also
an expert you also have an expert who
said that the dog was not the same
dog and don't you see the ass they gave
in e in which by the way the guy with the knife has
deleted all the tweets he had
defending the dog thing I have them okay the guy with the
knife has deleted all the tweets
where he said that I didn't know the difference
a greyhound okay well because there was an
expert an expert that an expert that that one does
understand Okay and there was an expert
who had said that the dog was the
same dog that was not the same dog the
expert okay expert who then started
backtracking So now it comes to me it's not
that  this is appraised and I don't care
what is appraised because I know what is
true and what is not, I have my truth, I
have my such and such in my case okay And in the one
there he is telling you the same thing that he doesn't give a
damn about an appraisal appraisal damn file a
complaint for dog abuse for
dog abuse you know a conversation
in this case some messages are within
a database in 2015 the
WhatsApp messages were not even
encrypted you could edit them directly
from your computer or even with
mobile applications it is that I do not know
why the dlas does not count it but there is
something else with this issue of
conversations there is another issue I do not know
why he does not count it I do not know why he does not
count it G len damn that what he
exclusively allowed you to edit the
WhatsApp database and no there is no
human way to see if
the database has been modified in any
way and an appraisal the only thing
that comes to say is that some
messages are within a
database a database that is
constantly modified by the flow
of messages that come in and out this the
judges  They know they are aware of it
and that's why they value a broader spectrum
of things and they are not
WhatsApp conversations that can
be more than editable something
different are conversations that
are in the cloud Not like for example
in your Instagram account because you do not
save them on your device but you
save them on the Instagram server
so to see if it's true or not you
consult the Instagram server to
see if those messages are there in the
case of WhatsApp no ​​because it is on your
local device and for the fools who
say but you are not showing evidence
right you are stupid or I mean how
exactly am I going to show evidence of
something that does not exist in the first place
but when you are going to say that a dog is
suffering abuse Well you have several
different videos and photos of abused dogs
on Google that I am not going to show you here
But you can search if you want to
see What are the effects of an
abused dog swollen eyes and they don't get tired
also Look eh the video uploaded 22 hours
okay you see this is that we must not
assume when the story is not going to
work Even if you take out Look at these that have been
that hiding it you haven't had to
hide the likes and the dislikes
okay the likes and the likes always prove us right
but But well you haven't
had to hide it it's worth it It's not worth it it's not
good it's not healthy no it doesn't help at all the
best of healthy people
normal people 10 years later Hey
let's reach an agreement that's best
for both of us that isn't humiliating for
either party but no no no
they think they're going to destroy him
large bruises broken bones Those are
the symptoms of a poorly treated dog and not
holes in the skin that are from mange
because mange eats away at the skin And
then it causes small bald spots in the
skin from which no hair comes out exactly
how are you going to mistreat a dog and
leave little holes in the hair that can't be
seen eh more than what the crib is saying
if he's giving his opinion leave him if he's
disrespectful if he kicks him out but if he's giving his opinion no
skin and there's no hair there or rather how
exactly his matato that scratching the
dog very hard with your nail in a place does
n't make any sense But
well there are people  so clown and so
pathetic that she really Honestly
believes it only because she
hates me incredibly and doesn't even know what they're
saying the subject of whether my ex
wants the dog or not No my ex doesn't want
the dog in the least because if he did he
would have at least held it
responsible for it which he never
did and by the way I thought that she
had casquet the dog to the parents
after So after the
first trial of all the civil trial had occurred
the parents had casquet I started
reviewing all the original messages and in
one of them I found the one from my lawyer
at that time a lawyer
named Alexis a great guy By the
way I don't know where he is or what he's
doing but I wish him the best from
here if he sees this video by chance and I
came across this message which is from 2017
because I don't know who Alexis is Hey one
thing if you can tell is that we
filed a reivindicatory action that is
the action that the
owner brings to recover possession of
what is theirs against the one who possesses
without having a title to do so, do not confuse
possession with ownership it is the action of the
owner no no  possessor versus
possessor non-owner the trial was not
about custody as they call it
or about ownership as they
call it, ownership was not being discussed, they
had to prove that they had a better
title than the owner who was not
theirs, let's see all the
lies that my ex was dedicated to inventing
had all been denied in
court and they never accepted his
little story of abuse it makes no
sense whatsoever, he even
tried to present a witness who was
a really sick guy who had
dedicated himself to posting on Twitter that he
wanted to see me literally I mean imagine it's
still true that I have been
stupid not to make a video about the
main channel you know I mean it's
still that I have been stupid because they
keep bothering me and I have still
been stupid not to make a video on
the main channel but I say Well they are
having a bad time, leave it you know but that that that
guy the Oscar that mm that what
is a moment and apart it is nothing but the
way of testifying that he had it seemed that he
was like guys if you have something
Clara Speak clearly say it well this little
witness is dedicated to presenting was  a
pathetic nonsense of his who
was truly disgusting but a truly
mentally ill slob who went to the trial
to literally declare that he does
beat up Argos is like eh where How in
front of you I start beating
my dog ​​a truly pathetic character
Obviously the judge sent him
home because they found a
number of brutal tweets from the guy
wishing me piss MM and various atrocities
anyway the question returning to the matter
all the witnesses they bring are
like this they brought me a witness Well they
bring me a witness who is a forum member I
swallow the gorgon that is like And what is
this one going to say if to this day she continues tweeting
about me antics and atrocities and they
are debating about whether I am a friend or
not a friend or I say that I am a friend or I am not a
friend it is like what about my lawyer
because this is very strong and what I just
remembered reading these emails
here He was explaining things to me
about how it worked because really a
dog is not like a child with which no no no
really hates that  A lot of people are
offended by this and say Oh because the law is
property and I don't know what I don't know how much
precisely the fact that my dog
is property is what has
benefited these people who have
stolen my dog ​​from me for so many
years because if it were a child I would
automatically have had it back
with me in just days hours maybe but
since my dog ​​is property and it costs
less than 400 well this case
has dragged on for eight damn years and that's why
these people aren't in jail so they
complain so much that
oh the law considers the dog to be
property how bad the law indeed
How bad the law I wish the law didn't
consider it property and considers it the
same as a child because if it were you'd
be in jail for
kidnapping and I wouldn't have spent
8 years without being with my dog ​​but anyway
the question now what I'm getting at is
this is very important first of all I'm telling you
that my ex never asked for
ownership of my dog ​​okay so you
have to ask for ownership to be able to
keep it he never asked for it he had
several opportunities to do so in fact
and he never asked for it what
she was asking for money how can it be that you
want a dog so much but it turns out that
when I reported her we're
talking about the year 2016 a year before
she made her first video crying
calling him a bully and all that garbage that she
dedicated herself to doing on her channel she never
had the intention of keeping my
dog ​​okay this is a very
important fact because you love my
dog ​​so much at least know how to ask for
ownership of it I'm not saying I but one
who successively asked for the expenses
obviously the expenses were ridiculously
high now I don't remember how much it was but
we're talking about thousands and the truth is a
young dog doesn't consume thousands of euros in
expenses but well so you can see that
effectively she never wanted to have
my dog ​​because if she had wanted it she
would have simply asked for ownership
of my dog ​​which she never ever
did in her life what she did try was
try to call me an abuser in
court and all this garbage
obviously the judge passed it on we
saw it we saw all that we saw in his
day eggs and well passed because one of those
conversations are false and if they had
been true they would have convicted
me of animal abuse which I have
proven with the they open it ex officio
for God they open it ex officio if they see a
sign of a person mistreating an
animal they open it ex officio for God no
Well look no the speech that They
had well and they have no no Look yes it is
completely proven that this guy
mistreats animals and usually
kills them in fact every weekend but
well as he is like a bolly Big Okay
then this Bol of yours and if you want to break it he
breaks it Well the same yes I mean
imagine no the speech with which they
want people to go forward
that as it is a thing it does not matter if you
mistreat it or not many animals among
them another dog that I have had that I have never
in my life mistreated nor
the other cat nor the cat that I just
rescued because I like
animals I love them if I were not an
animal lover I would not have seen
a cat bleeding in the street and I
would have rescued it because if you think it
is all rosy and all beautiful no it is not what to
take care of it you have to spend money you
have to watch out of course it is a
puppy does mischief there is also the
story from the trial of Win michu the
judge said that the conversations were
authentic Yes yes well let them say What happened
next and I take responsibility for the waste
of money as well as the waste of time because
my conscience did not allow me to
see a cat that is dying in the
street and leave it there I can't
I'm simply incapable But anyway back to the subject
this ok this is very funny as I
said before I thought that my ex
had given the dog to her
parents after this trial but I just
realized and I don't know how I
remembered before it turns out that not before
the trial there was a sentence that
we are talking about the year 2017 she had already given
it to the parents look
here you are going to freak out with this matter eh
Because when I discovered it
back it was like my mother as I
said she did not ask for the ownership of my dog
with which she did not want to keep it she only
wanted me to give her money my
lawyer says in the counterclaim what they are
asking for are only the expenses that they have had to
pay or rather pay if they wanted
the ownership then they should have asked for it they would not have
gotten it either  given but they did
n't even try to claim the expenses from you they are
also wrong and it is when we
knock them down when we answer because the
article they invoke is only for
extraordinary expenses and there were never
extraordinary expenses There were only
ordinary expenses of the vet's office
apparently there is an article within the law
in which the person in this case who
is keeping the dog is
understood to have to pay the
ordinary expenses, that is, the normal ones, the food
the vet things like that are only
extraordinary expenses, the things that would not
be in the normal expenses of a
dog, what in this case would have to
pay the owner and the
vet herself who on top of that convinced her
to go say nonsense to that same
trial the C for them and effectively
said that the expenses had all been
ordinary that there was never anything
extraordinary I suppose thinking in her
mind saying mm extraordinary
means that maybe the extraordinary ones do not have to be paid but it is not the ordinary ones that have to pay for that Despite the fact that they tried to get money from me again here they did not succeed But well here they condemned my ex again and on top of that in
costs but here an
interesting part also says  it turns out the
expenses weren't hers but her parents'
and I said [ __ ] it I'm stupid she
was giving my ex too much leeway I
was making her look like a good
person who had at least taken
care of my dog ​​for a year but it's
not even that literally after
stealing it from me the parents pin it on her
because this response to the lawsuit
was barely and I don't remember wrong 3 months
after we stopped talking and
that was right when she stole my dog ​​so
we're talking like maybe
my dog ​​was with her for TR months no it's not
even that I can't do it because they
were asking me for thousands so I think
she never even had it with
herself and that's what makes me think and I
say God used my dog ​​to record
videos because she recorded a few videos
that she later deleted from her channel but she only
used it to take it with her
when she wanted to make videos and when she had
finished recording the videos you see she
pinned it on the parents and
when youtubers who were haters of
mine from that time came she would grab my dog ​​and
take selfies with these
youtubers and  with my dog ​​to joke around there
were a few Eh I'm not going to
mention the names here Because many
of them are more dead than dead
already here on YouTube you don't see them Not a god there
were a bunch of guys who at that time
were very famous and that's when my ex
stays no way I wouldn't give him a promo the
Shooter who was Cristina's boyfriend who
by the way Cristina is also well I'm not
going to get Cristina into this but the
guys are
em there were a bunch of streamers that
Fu Ah with my dog ​​but then
after that she foists it
on her parents which is the craziest thing about the whole
thing and don't come to me with nonsense eh
Because here she perfectly had her
money she had her job that I
got for her By the way and she wasn't
exactly earning badly because I
gave her a ton of fame I taught her
everything I knew at that time she
was studying a course that she didn't even
like she hated that course with all her soul I do
n't know anymore I was impressed if I
remember correctly and her dream was that she
wanted to be an actress and I told her Okay I
can give you fame  Well, you have
performances and things on your YouTube channel and you
do castings and that's where you start and on
top of that I paid for everything which is the worst part of it
and I said no no you save for
yourself so you have a cushion and I'll
take care of paying all the expenses
of the apartment, I mean it's really ridiculous
and she was earning well at that
time eh I wasn't rich or
anything eh but the little money I
had I used to make her happy so
that later she repaid me in this way by
stealing my dog ​​and on top of that
re-victimizing me making
false accusations on social media it's really
disgusting anyway if she wanted to take
care of my dog ​​she could have taken care of it she
never did in fact she
foisted it on the parents Just like that
What is the excuse none the truth
because again let's remember again the
timeline this response to the lawsuit is
not from 2017 it is from 2016 she stole it from me
in 2016 so they were claiming
expenses for just two months I mean I
have no idea so you can see  eh It's not
that the parents then saddled it with the animal,
after that no no it's not that on top of that they
saddled it with the first sentence in 2017,
okay, very important fact, that you
love my dog ​​so much that you are not even capable
of taking care of it yourself, and what's more, they have already been
assessed, okay, I mean, it has already been reviewed,
not like the ignorance of this part of
this writing that is really important, I'll
already explain where it's from and it says the
following, it says the most serious thing of all is that they
intend to justify not handing over the
animal with some supposed
WhatsApp messages from the year 2015 that have already been
assessed in the sentence that is now being
executed, and what's more, they have already been assessed,
okay, they have already been reviewed, as I told you before,
only one judge, not two, it's that they are a
lot of different judges and
lawyers of justice that those
conversations have gone through a lot
of judges and they have assessed it and none
has decided that this man does not have to
have the dog, nor have they wanted to
condemn him for anything or prosecute him ex
officio for mistreatment, nothing, nothing
eh, they have only observed these
false garbage and they have determined that  they are
a fantasy if that were the case I would be
convicted of animal abuse something I have
never done in my life was going to
social networks to play with the
ignorance of these stupid and
harassing people is an insult to
basic intelligence when many
judges have already reviewed it from beginning to
end with all the evidence some of
which I can't even show you
here because on top of that they would still sue me
for revealing things that are of a
private nature I will tell you what I can
tell you about the latter but without going into too
much detail because it really is
crazy I say they were already mentioned in the
civil procedure resolved by the Ju
Prim instance number s of bl Bla the
position of the animal without any success no matter how
much the convicted repeat the
mantra of animal abuse by
my client, that is, me trying to breach
the different resolutions of the
different resolutions the reality is
that there is not a single
judicial resolution that supports their
slanderous fantasy of abuse I hope that
this is enough I do not have to show
evidence that something is false Because if it
is false it is false, it is not that I can
show evidence that it is not or is not from  that it's
false is stupid it's a
paradox in itself Sorry paradox
is not a logical fallacy not a paradox
then I understand the skepticism of
someone who says and if they are real How do
I know that maybe they can be real or not
Well that's when you have to put
the rest of different things and that's
what an abused dog looks like well there you can see how an abused dog looks and my dog ​​has never been in bad physical condition ever in his life and the only marks that he has had on his skin
are the product of mange that mange
causes are bald spots in the fur the
blows cause other kinds of wounds
like in this case broken weights
swollen eyes which is what usually
swells in dogs that have been
abused in essence the same as an
appeal basically it gives you the
right to say that you don't want to do it I don't
understand what you mean by you can't
appeal But well you can oppose that is
a resource no in some way No
because nonsense in this case what
these people sentenced to prison did on
two occasions was take an opposition  10
working days after having
presented it to stretch the deadline as much as possible to
reach the last day of the deadline and
then have to resolve the
resolution instead of presenting it At
first, why For nuo the same
delaying and bureaucratic tactics so
that my dog ​​dies, I mean, they have a few
days, they are supposed to have a deadline to
send that appeal even though it
could not be appealed But well, I do not know anything about
Spanish law, okay, eh And they
wait until the last day because they are days
that add up being with me here
comes the funny part it turns out that
apparently a provisional execution is not
10 days that you have to respond, it
is five in the normal execution, yes, it
is 10 they have done it out of time but
a provisional one is only five they have
done it out of time they have done it
out of time, in other words, on top of that, that
opportunity they had they have done it
out of time Cel but they are already
whistled but no, do not blame the people I
mean Simply no, I did not attack trying to make
people Eh Know that everything is a lot of
cloth because it is a lot of new public and
many new youtubers who did not deal with
the issues  for example, this is something that
Uncle Shur can know Uncle Shur
was there back then you know what I mean.
So Uncle Shur knows that there was an
expert too who said that the dog was
n't the same dog, it was a
different dog, and well, on top of that they came to
threaten the rest of us with a complaint. You
know what, you tell me that it's been appraised, I don't care,
what matters to me
are the results, okay? They passed
this limit to Torera and they went after
10 days, which means it should be
inadmissible and they should automatically
set a definitive date for them to
return my dog ​​to me. Man, if it's
out of date there's little else to discuss
is that for some reason that I don't fully
understand, they admitted this
appeal, this opposition, which
shouldn't be admitted, but it was
admitted anyway because apparently
they made another
different notification like cco working days
later or something like that and then they are
counting from the next notification
that they made, it's the first one they made
when in fact in their opposition they
mention January 30th and they respond
10 working days later, which is not what it
should be admitted in a  First of all,
period, and I should close that matter and they
realized it later they tried to patch it up
with That should be judged to
determine, I think, eh, I understood it like this,
eh, the exact day of delivery where they are
obliged to go and return my dog ​​to me, I'm
dying to see, to see him
once and for all, you don't know the amount of
nightmares and madness that I've had
during all these days, during all
these years, but especially this
last month in particular because in
some way I had already assumed
that I was never going to see my dog ​​again,
but this is like it gives me
illusions and at the same time it takes them away,
and gives them away, and gives them away, and gives them
away. That's right, Javi, or rather, what I
understood, I don't know if it will be
exactly like that, but what I understood
is that once they presented that
opposition they realized that they had
passed the deadline, or in the opposition itself, I don't know
if I don't know if they sent another document or in the
same one, in the same opposition, okay, but of
course they realize that they have passed the
deadline trying to throw it away and then what
they do is, no, but it's that  we send
another letter about their problems, I already
know about their problems, but let's be
honest, they are people who are
part of my life in some way, those that
I know from the pain they cause, you
know, they are people that you say, man, I mean, I
fight, I've fought with so many
people throughout my life and you fight,
yes, you have a, you have a pretty
strong moment, we even hurt each other a lot and
many things, but then things
cool down and are forgotten. How many
youtubers haven't seen me here in 10
years, fighting, and then after a while you have
seen me again with them collaborating, and
then I fight again, and then again,
such and such, but no, they don't live in, live in that,
trust yourself, what I was taking out the ler
len, what the hell are you taking out of me, mate,
but if that was already discussed in 2019,
showing everything, they discuss it again
to see if it works this time. Why?
Because 6 years later the public is not the
same and then let's see if it works now that we're
going to have more other  hoarse people
live in that they live there and it is a
horrific mental drain and from this they
only want to do harm that is the
only thing they want well anyway we are
responding to that same one that they are
allowing them to present the appeal these are
very old things it is that no it does not make
sense course when they should not
be representing anyway it is not to
present an opposition that is really To
laugh but in a Joker way To
laugh at the amount of madness that
is I mean it is an opposition where they
can have a second trial
trying to pretend that I am an
abuser calling me everything as if I
were it is that there is no need to do another
Of course anyway I imagine it I have not
seen it but of course it is like there is no need to
discuss it anymore I mean the first thing Here it is
out of date it is there is no need to discuss
anything else out of date the opposition
but in the case the opposition would have to
be to argue Why is it outside the
law not the issue that it has to be
executed no but of course they will have
put no because Tas
e because Dallas has made a video because
Dallas has made five live shows because
Dallas is monetizing you know and there is no
more  trial has already been discussed the trial
twice the trial has already been held in fact
the trial has already been held twice in
fact Well no it's not worth it yet
judging me when
they are being judged when they have been sentenced let's see
also I tell you eh I mean being fair
that they don't deserve
and they they have every right to
exhaust all possible avenues that
then things will be as they are you know
but man if they have the possibility of
presenting a written document Well within the
document but this I don't know if already the
appeal this the opposition this the
same lawyer will do no but I for example I have
experienced in my own things that the lawyer
starts to make some assessments and some
comments in the writings themselves as if
hitting you like wanting to hit you
or or I don't know what example to put it you
would have to look for it you know but
of the stick Maybe these writings
that cross with the court before the
trial not because you because I because pin
because Pam because I want this evidence
because I don't have this evidence because
I want I want to change the date because the
lawyer starts to make comments
like  if he were
criticizing me or tweeting, well,
nothing the defendant keeps making
videos and keeps saying I don't know what And he
continues, well, well, well, well, but they are the
typical ones, I know them very well,
times in jail, twice to jail, it is
said, it is said soon but record, twice
to jail within the same type of
trial, repeating the trial twice,
twice sentenced to jail, anyway, it
still turns out that they have such nerve to
start calling me an abuser in this
position, telling me that they do not have to
give me my dog ​​because it is very deadly and
very evil, starting to say that since I do
not live in Spain and leaking my
address, which is the worst part of the matter, that they do
not have the slightest idea where the
hell I live. But still they start
saying whatever they want. Well, it's
crazy, I mean, m I honestly hope
that the judge puts his fist on the table
and says, enough is enough of this nonsense, enough
of delaying the process any longer, and that's enough,
and that he returns my dog ​​to me,
one of the things that hurts my soul the most
is that if I had not done
things legally and I
had really done what they  they were dedicated
to accusing me of what I was going to do in 2018
that I was going to steal my own dog. At
least I would have been
with my dog ​​since 2018, looking back.
I say, I wish that had been my intention
in grabbing my dog ​​and taking it. I wish
that had been my intention. I wish I
had done it because at least I would have spent these
years of judicial proceedings and
bureaucratic garbage with
my dog ​​and I would not have spent them watching
how they use it on social media to on
top of that re-victimize me with the
number of crimes they have committed
against me, and on top of that, they use
social media to not call me a victim, which I
literally am a victim
of the crimes of this family, but
on top of that, they use social media to
say that I am a killer. It's
really about having a very thick skin,
court rulings that confirm
twice. Meanwhile, Wilson and Jael
Canino just sent me this clip of
Javi Oliveira giving his opinion on the summary.
Javi was on fire because they took the
HLAN to the cell phone and he is nowhere to be seen.
real treatment there is treatment and there are things I
am the victim of these people who have been
sentenced to jail and they still manage
to buy articles in the press and
to pressure people on
social networks to say that I am the
mattador it is true that they have a
very extremely thick skin but it is exaggerated
the issue is a very long opposition
it is like 60 pages or something like that and I have
read it myself I asked my husband to
summarize it for me and in another part he says
something that is impressive and I do not
know to what extent I can tell you everything
because maybe then they start to
use it let's say how I can
tell you because this is very strong eh It
is really laughable yogurt they started
to say that a person I am not going to say
who is worth keeping private And
what s I what do I know but they started to
say that a person went to the
emergency room because it turns out that he wanted to
do the automation because they were going to
take my dog ​​away from him it is really so so so so
absurd the matter
is really trying to fake an attempt at
automation to  try not to return
my dog, I mean, I'm not going to give my opinion on that
subject, I've already given my opinion on similar subjects with the
Rocío Carrasco subject, they are very
strong subjects, they are very ugly subjects, come on,
imagine okay Imagine how ridiculous the
matter is, a thief goes to your bank, they rob you, I don't
know, I don't know who it is, a million
euros and when they tell him to return the
million euros he says I went to the hospital
because I thought he was going to steal
back my million euros that I stole,
so I'll do the automation, is that how it is, that is
the level of truth and he even provides
medical reports of how in the emergency room he
started to act like he
wanted to do the automation and of course,
curiously, they don't say this in public
XD but I don't understand one thing, I mean,
there is someone who has tried, there has been
a suicide attempt, I don't know which I do
n't know which family member, I prefer not to
know because I already have enough with what I
know, no e But there is someone who has
had a suicide attempt and they are on social
networks insulting, eh things, I don't know, these are
things that I prefer not to give my opinion on,
really  This seems to me to be a very
delicate subject as long as they don't trespass.
Leave it, let it be if I took my dog ​​​​to
do automation, really, what a level of
compulsive lying is impressive, it's
crazy. I wish I could show it to you, but I do
n't think I can show it to you
sincerely, of course, on
social media they have kept their mouths shut,
the dirty games with the bureaucracy and
with the court, they do it secretly, quietly,
without saying anything
because they know that it is even too
ridiculous to even say it on
social media and on top of that they know that I
cannot tell the whole thing because on top of that they will
still prosecute me for
having revealed who knows what secrets that
Uy is revealing
personal secrets of what I know is the damn
level and then they start pretending the level
of I mean, if the automation ration already
seemed crazy to you if there is if there is a
medical report, I understand that I do not understand that you
cannot start giving more details but
come on, eh tremendous this is double crazy
suddenly my has become some
kind of guide dog okay you know
Guide dogs for the blind that guide them
where they can walk and all that stuff
are also golden retrievers that are
trained to guide the blind Well,
suddenly my dog ​​has
magically become and out of nowhere
after eight years of
legal proceedings suddenly my dog ​​is a
self-help dog don't miss it eh and it
turns out that so that that person does not do
the automation Ne to my dog ​​because dog
is a self-help dog or my
stolen dog suddenly magically in the
process the thieves turned him into
a self-help dog trained to
help the person who is going to do the
automation if they take him away and all this
while they have two other dogs
another greyhound is a [ __ ] and another
small dog extra in the matter
but my dog ​​is the dog of my dog ​​is
the self-help dog if they take him away
automation true is so ridiculous the
level of impudence is the level of
lies that they have not dared to tell you
are Eh the support dog is called that
no no help self-help  not support, we
already talked about that, no, they had to have
one. So if it's a support dog and
someone wanted to do that. If they return the
dog then who has it, is that
person or them because on social media it's their
dog and they don't want to lose it but it
turns out someone else has it. Good point.
Good point. Good point, of course, I don't know, I don't know
how they will live today if the whole
family lives together in the same house. I don't
know, not today, since we're
talking about people from 10 years ago, eh,
but the thing is that we talked about that, not
that they needed a certificate for that, you don't
have to look for it, no, the certificate, the
least of it, you don't go and ask for it, no
nonsense that they have presented in
court publicly and they are, I suppose,
waiting for me to say it and then
go and report me. I'm sure it's that. Sure,
sure. Sure, sure, I have no
doubt. I hope we can show it but I
can't because I think that there are so
many medical reports
and I think that this cannot be
presented in any way
because it is more than reportable, it's
incredible, I swear they don't know
shame, it's really impressive, they don't care
at all because in the  court
the dirtiest tactics possible can be used they
change chips they bring in third parties
to make false testimony they don't care about
involving the brother they don't care about
involving Emilio it doesn't matter about involving
whoever they don't care they take
everyone ahead Of
hurting me and returning me I am that it is already getting
to a clear level it is already getting going too
far let's call it That is going
too far for for for this I mean
I would prefer if it is going to affect my
environment we leave the procedure
here we leave the How many years ago
How many years ago the neighbor's chat
but it is that the neighbor's chat I don't know
what it was because then they
sent me the thing about the neighbor's chat I have
something that I will keep to myself I will
reserve it never ever to my dog ​​it does not
matter to tell the craziest lie prepare
docum little surprises action to start
pretending to create again again
documentation that is that it is very funny
true because it is that my says it here it
is very good This let me if I
find it this phrase is very good because
exempt what they do He says the attempt
once more of  generate documentation that
allows them to maintain illegitimate possession
of the dog until its death is the
modus operandi already collected apart from the
dog of the support dog but that
argument has never been used Uy I
have to send him Alan is there in the
chat
the cham is still there alne This is what I
think it is Explain it to me
clearly I still maintain that you
have harassed me and other people
No no you have said that I harass the entire
internet let's see the entire internet you do not have
that capacity you are not omnipotent but
many people consider these to be the
supports there is no more I am I am omnipotent no you
are not that is why you cannot harass
everyone If you were omnipotent I do not have I am not
important I am not important
important Not at all Of course the
sentence that has been practiced is since
2017 I sincerely hope and pray that
the court with one fell swoop on the table will
dismantle all this ridiculousness
Absurd crimes that Ian has been practicing
since the dawn of humanity I am already
fed up with this whole matter anyway
there are other details that for now I do not  I
can give but Soon I hope to be able to
give you the information regarding this
matter and I hope to be able to give you the information
with my dog ​​as well. The truth is there is nothing I
want more right now it is something that I had already
assumed many years ago That I was
never going to be able to recover and be
able to share moments again with
suddenly the argument is no longer that his
name is Marlos now the argument is that it is
self-help exactly let's see
exactly let's see that argument has
never come up what's the point now of
introducing a new argument, I mean now
after so much time Ah it turns out that
the argument is no longer that it was not that
the dog is not and it is not it is not it is not it was not he
put that photo minutes after
we had the trial but that he has
been posting tweets for weeks
talking about this issue and in all the
tweets he seemed to already know what
the sentence was going to be and the sentence I
received it today So obviously I don't
want to call him and say that if
conspiracy and that if poy is ruined
because for God's sake We are not a
super shady political plot of corruption okay no no
no it doesn't get into me  the head that
something strange may have happened here but
effectively it doesn't look good because
if he already knew for a month from the
minute one that we left the trial he already
knew that he was going to win when it hadn't even happened yet it
was regrettable I insist why did he
know it before me Why was he so
sure why wasn't the
trial prepared at all part of the mood eh is that
if I have to summarize them look at the ones
that can be said publicly for
now because there are many that are
private and obviously if not the
person doesn't want it to be known it won't be said Of course, of
course eh And that they don't come from
institutions such as the treasury etc., that
is to say, issues that we are handling
individually the collective complaint for
Pambi fraud eh the complaint that will already be
known Later on What
exactly is what Nimu has done to
Dallas when they file it no when they
file it it will be known no And if everything goes
ahead and the
complaint that is going to be made doesn't disappear again with
Serene eh For document falsification And
why man But why doesn't he file one for
kidnapping, that's missing one for
kidnapping man, one for kidnapping would be powerful
powerful  man, I mean, I can't take it
anymore, we don't pay these people or anything,
okay? And the interviewee laughs, I swear,
eh, We don't pay them or anything, they're like that, they're like that
with my dog, but whoever does a
wait, I have to send this to
a friend, they would tell me yes, that I'm going to get it
back and then those ups and downs from
now on, one stays, now wait for a
position. I don't know how many, Blah, and
with this nonsense, we've had an extra month
again since the news because it was on
January 30th and it's February 26th,
anyway, now what's the good news? Well,
this should be the last of it. I mean,
with this, well, the court, who I don't
know exactly who, I don't know if it's the lawyer, I do
n't know if it's the judge, the truth is, I'm not
entirely sure. Who's doing this, it
seems to me it's the lawyer, I'm not very sure,
but well, I sincerely hope that you
please resolve this quickly and let me be able to spend
the last years of my life with my
dog, something that should never have happened.
And honestly, the truth is, it seems very
unfair to me how they've harmed me in this
way, how they have  screwed repeating
trials delaying processes and trying to
archive these Loc the joke I don't know how to
share some I like Merced Mila really
HM What a shame eh Merced Mila eh she is I don't know
Merced Mila Let's see, I don't want to say anything
disrespectful
but she's gone let's say she's
gone with the fans that this with the
fans that I was of Mercedes Mila T I mean
I was a fan fan but I
admired them a lot a lot Well I still admire
her career obviously that is
indelible but since I know I don't know if she
's retired or I don't know that yesterday she
participated in the Calleja thing but she's a
radical feminist ima no she doesn't question
absolutely anything that comes to her
from any woman I mean you're talking
about a case you don't know So don't
say this nonsense don't get involved
simply without knowing the case it's not
that she sent you the clear she
sent you the video but how are you going to get
involved in something like that but you've already
done it with other cases eh And this thing of
starting to send an email or rather asking
people I mean  how is this going to be
asking people to send
emails trust you if it's me and me and me and me they
harass me on my phone for
having it there the bison no and all the
things that have happened to me Without
putting I many times My address or
whatever how are you going to ask Mercedes a thousand
the Win michu all these no that they send
emails to the court demanding the annulment
of a ruling and that Marlo has not been
delivered to Dallas I mean imagine the
judge with 3000 emails from these monkeys
that are in the chats of del ler len
Vale and from one pass sending him emails
saying no serene no olivita no I don't know
what as if they were going to read it they don't even
know but come on can you imagine not even
you can get into your head not
even that a that a
sentence is annulled for that man please and that's it
man please it's already under
pressure man please but this What
is it how are you going to how are you going to pressure
the court that by force
people send him that  balls they annul it No
man no the law has
procedures these are these here so
that people dedicate themselves to demanding the
annulment of an amazing trial and
burn is that maybe That
court's inbox is going to collapse
or they are going to bother it with other things cl
maybe there are important emails or
important things that they are not going to read
because of this it seems fine to laser that he
makes the logic of ler we already
understand it in fact what caught my
attention about this gentleman is that his hatred for
dyon Francis is so great that he was
able to say that the scam that
the master Dallas did with the
cryptocurrencies was worse than Chris Chan [ __ ]
his mother with senile dementia Dallas is an it's me it's me it's
me son of a [ __ ]
Calm down broa mother In fact marlos
marlos you don't get it the joke
has not been given to give the review and they are
dedicated to putting the two emails here so
that they dedicate themselves to sending emails to people
who do not have the slightest
idea that they have not seen anything about the case in  absolute and they
are scum who think they are social justice fighters, they
are going to dedicate themselves to what to slander
to say not to return my dog ​​to me
and it is told to you by a lady who was the one who
stole it from me along with her parents and
then foisted it on them because she did
n't want to take care of it and all this
shared by him sentenced to prison
for attempting against the life of a
person with a bottle hitting
a person in the back of the head three times with the bottle for
having an argument with him
wism cook who is new to
all this Lore dedicated himself to being the boyfriend of
my previous ex-girlfriend to this one and then
when I broke up with the next one they
start bringing up conversations about me man
with what Ingrid said with what
Ingrid said you have to have the truth
is that you have to recognize that you have to
have eh the truth is that there is there you have to
recognize that you have to have eh Ingrid
put them both there I have it
Ingrid put them But come on there are things that
started to come out with this one for real I mean
Ingrid is that  that's another
story that's out there on the channel
too why are we going to go in and
comment on that again well that's it they've fallen
in love this guy really sentenced to
jail too finally they all have something
in common and that they've all been sentenced to
jail and the funniest thing about the
matter is that all of this was also
shared by Mercedes mela a chick who
is a former presenter of
gossip and gossip programs who if you know
how they convinced her to dedicate herself
to posting a bunch of slanderous Stories
about me it's I swear it's what
they're playing with in court no let's see me eh
I sincerely let's see she doesn't know a
very old woman is very old already and she
gets involved with feminism and things in
things that she doesn't know you have to respect
the law I mean at what point does a person
with such a long career not respect the
law I mean what's the point madam
What are you basing yourself on a video but madam there are
procedures there are
procedures there are judges who have
done their job and the trial has been
repeated twice no longer one no bad
luck we got one No no it's not that it
has  repeated the trial twice damn
Mercedes Ah you know but well I understand
that she is an older person and she goes and sees
this and says oh I am very worried about
this is what she put you know but of course it is
that man what are you calling
a guy an abuser they present themselves with a
little face pingen automaton acones and a
lot of crazy things then people
present them with another face to once again
revictimize me again after
having committed a lot of crimes
against me for many years
now they pretend to make public
the story is another the story is Ah what an
abuser dasas what do I know what do I
ask myself what is going to happen if
finally thanks to justice
thanks to the court finally I get
my dog ​​back I ask
What will their stupid story be that they will tell
When they see that my dog ​​is fine
safe and clean with me yes
that chis Chan is worse than Dallas but
for you the worst is my mother No well you have
an obsession strong obsession that the two of them
frustrated because my father does not pay attention to them they
hate me also I have audio  of that topic
but well [ __ ] what series
am I missing eh what series am I
depriving myself of doing cuo will it be Ah he's
pretending he's pretending you'll give a lot
because he's pretending so he's not an
abuser eh Of course they dedicate themselves to
asking people to harass the court and
tell them how bad Dallas is How bad
Dallas is shame it's something that I hope because I
hope it lasts until I'm 15 eh
Nothing nonsense nonsense guys The
thing is that I don't know I don't think it can't be
extended much longer I
don't know since telling you the truth I mean I understand
that now
eh I understand that now at any
moment they will receive a notification
that says Look next week at such a
time is that I don't know the truth